Add parametric timestamp phase 1 (#27826)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/language/types.rst

Example: ``TIME '01:02:03.456 America/Los_Angeles'``

``TIMESTAMP`` / ``TIMESTAMP(p)``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Instant in time that includes the date and time of day without a time zone.
Values of this type are parsed and rendered in the session time zone.

An optional precision parameter ``p`` (0–12) specifies the number of fractional
second digits retained:

* ``TIMESTAMP(0)`` — seconds
* ``TIMESTAMP(3)`` — milliseconds (the default when no precision is given)
* ``TIMESTAMP(6)`` — microseconds
* ``TIMESTAMP(9)`` — nanoseconds
* ``TIMESTAMP(12)`` — picoseconds

Bare ``TIMESTAMP`` is equivalent to ``TIMESTAMP(3)`` and is retained for backward
compatibility. Precision values 0–6 are stored as a single scaled integer; precision
values 7–12 store an additional sub-microsecond remainder, enabling nanosecond and
picosecond resolution.

.. note::

>     Implicit coercion widens from lower to higher precision (e.g. ``TIMESTAMP(3)``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Implicit coercion widens from lower to higher precision (for example, ``TIMESTAMP(3)``
```
Avoid Latin abbreviations. See the [GitLab documentation style guide recommended word list entry for e.g.](https://docs.gitlab.com/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list/#eg) for discussion and alternatives.
